fix: serverless/dedicated/clustered support chunked and chunk_size (#5624)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/guides/api-compatibility/v1/_index.md

Parameter | Allowed in | Ignored | Value
----------|------------|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------
`chunked` | Query string | Honored | Returns points in streamed batches instead of in a single response. If set to `true`, InfluxDB chunks responses by series or by every 10,000 points, whichever occurs first.

> `chunked_size` | Query string | Honored | **Requires `chunked` to be set as well**. If set to a specific value, InfluxDB chunks responses by series or by that number of points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`chunked_size` | Query string | Honored | **Requires `chunked` to be set to `true`**. If set to a specific value, InfluxDB chunks responses by series or by this number of points.
```

> `chunked_size` | Query string | Honored | **Requires `chunked` to be set as well**. If set to a specific value, InfluxDB chunks responses by series or by that number of points.

Reviewer 2: We also need to add these in API reference docs:
- https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/cloud-serverless/api/v1-compatibility
- https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/api/v1-compatibility
- https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/clustered/api/v1-compatibility
